fdt: add fdt description document (#13745)
apache/nuttx: Documentation/guides/devicetree.rst

====================
Device Tree
====================

Overview
--------

> Currently, Nuttx supports to parse FDT(Flattened Device Tree) using libfdt, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, NuttX supports parsing of FDT (Flattened Device Tree) using libfdt, a
```

Some typos.

utility library for reading and manipulating the binary format:

https://github.com/dgibson/dtc/

> Based on that, Nuttx has implemented some common functions to get properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on that, NuttX has implemented some common functions to get properties.
```

> And, Device tree's support in Nuttx is to reduce the configuration of chips/boards,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device Tree support in NuttX will reduce the configuration of chips/boards,
```

> not used in nuttx kernel framework yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is not used in NuttX kernel framework yet.
```

How to use
-----------

> 1. Enable Device tree and libfdt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable Device Tree and libfdt
```

> Enable Kconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the Kconfig settings:
```

    .. code-block:: console

      CONFIG_DEVICE_TREE=y                        /* Enable Device Tree */
      CONFIG_LIBFDT=y                             /* Enable utility library */

> 2. Register DTB address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Register the DTB address
```

> Use fdt_register to let Nuttx know the dtb Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use fdt_register to set the DTB Address in NuttX
```

> 3. Parse DTB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Parse the DTB
```

> Chip/board use fdt_get to get dtb address, and then use fdt_* APIs to prase dtb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chip/board will use fdt_get to get the DTB Address, and then use fdt_* APIs to parse the DTB
```
